Okay,
guys,
Um,
welcome back now.
It just dropped into a new module and have created new summary of routine called in string
demo.
So you'll remember from the last light of the two pieces of information we needed to
capture where what the start point of the string we're looking for is on what the length
off that string is.
So here I've just added a valuable called my month exactly as it's called in the project
that we've been working up to now on have hard coded that that is going to be called
January.
So we have a couple of options when we use in string.
So what we're gonna do is read the start position into the variable to begin with X and
what we're going to say is,
i n s t r,
that is the VB instruction for in string.
Now,
the start position you can omit,
and if you admit it,
it will begin at position number one.
But I like to hard code.
It's on to say begin at position one.
Now,
the first string is the string that you are looking in,
and in this instance,
it's gonna be range a three.
So range a $3 value.
That is where we are looking.
That's the where string to is.
What are we looking for on we are looking for my month,
which we have read into the variable up here.
So we are looking for my month in range A $3 value comma there we have a few different
options here.
We're buying re compared database compare on vb text compare.
I have absolutely never used database compared but what I want to show you is the
difference between buying a re compare and text compare.
So let's use binary and I'm gonna close that off.
I'm just going to hit enter and I'm gonna copy exactly the same code there.
Or almost exactly the same code up to that point.
Copy paste.
And here I'm gonna call this why on this time,
instead of choosing the binary compare,
I am going to choose the VB text.
Compare now I haven't closed brackets,
so let's just step through that code and look what happens.
So here X in string.
I'm beginning to position one off range a three d value.
I am looking for my month,
which is January in this instance and we can see that that is it a position of 22 that
gives us our start point.
And here,
if I step through,
it's also 22.
But look,
what happens if I change the J to lower Case J on,
then step through that code again.
So we're still looking for January.
We're still looking in a three.
But this time,
if I hover over X because I have used a binder re compare it is case sensitive so X will
not return any value because the lower case January is not found in this string.
And conversely,
why?
Because we have used VB.
Text compare has been found.
So there's the difference.
Buying re compare is case sensitive on the VB text.
Compare is not case sensitive.
Okay,
so now we know one useful piece of information.
So what we can say here is we now know that start point on what we're gonna do will change
that back to opera Kase January because it is application January in our actual code,
and I'm gonna take all of this copy and I'm going to drop that over the number five on that
is where we are starting.
In fact,
what I'm gonna do just there on the hitter space.
No,
Reset the project on day.
I am going to do that and know we are down to here and enter on Tabin.
So this middle line of code here it's all one line of code.
It's just separated.
This tells us where we're going to begin.
The next thing we need to know is,
how long is that string?
So what we're gonna do is we're going to use a simple from there were just a boy equals
actually able to use why?
Let's use that equals the lengths off my months on Let's step through that bump,
bump,
bump So said We know now that the length is seven characters.
So here we can replace the number five with Len my months.
So copy pace that over number five on.
There we go on.
No,
look what happens to the word January here with me Execute of this line of code.
Perfect.
So we have worked out dynamically at runtime where our particular text ring lives on.
We've also captured exactly how long it is.
Okay,
I'll see when the next like the way we're going to put that into action for all of the
strings that we want tohave folded.
I'll see you in the next lecture.